[Music]
how to escape the friendzone ah the
friendzone that dreaded moment when you
realize you've got feelings for someone
who doesn't feel the same way it may
start with dreams about them then
butterflies in the stomach and before
long you're inserting yourself into
every aspect of their lives day in and
day out you strive to be close to them
and focus on what they're up to
you give them gifts and offer favors
when no one else will and you put their
happiness first the only problem they
think you're just being friendly you may
have sweaty palms and a red face but
they seem calm and relaxed if this
sounds at all familiar then you have
experienced to the friendzone it's a
place of stress and anxiety where your
only goal in life is to break free from
the chains of friendship
this may seem insurmountable but
feelings come and go and people change
if your love interest is currently
unaware of your affection now is the
time to consider the following to
determine if you can escape the
friendzone
but before we find out more about the
friendzone take a moment to click
subscribe and turn on notifications now
you won't miss any updates from the
bright side of life firstly figure out
if it's worth it every decision a person
faces has both risks and benefits the
best way to calculate these is to
imagine the best in worst-case scenarios
the best they fall for you and see what
they were missing the whole time the
worst case varies depending on how badly
you went down they may simply not want
to be around you or calmly refuse you
and insist on remaining friends either
way you must decide if you can handle a
worst case scenario with all the
embarrassment and pain that comes with
it so before you try any of the
following steps make sure you're ready
for the fallout whether it be bad or
good secondly you need to know what you
want we all know what a crush is and
we've all had them throughout our lives
the one thing we know about crushes is
that they eventually fade true love is a
once in a lifetime feeling but a crush
can be forgotten or replaced if they
have been your friend for a while but
you're only recently feeling something
toward them it may be a simple crush and
the feeling will fade with time the last
thing you want to do is risk a good
friendship for a week long crush on the
other hand if you've always dreamed of
being with them and haven't been able to
get them out of your head for a long
time then it may be worth the risk
[Music]
thirdly keep your other friends in mind
rarely does a falling out affect only
the two people involved friend groups
often take sides and split if there's a
problem make sure you know your group
well and that there aren't any love
triangles or jealous third wheels if you
trust them then consult a friend or two
that you both know well they may have
some useful insight into the feelings of
the other person or be able to warn you
about things you weren't aware of if a
mutual friend is on your side make sure
you use them have them drop some hints
to the other person perhaps you two
would make a great couple or you guys
are so similar and see how they react if
they smile shyly or blush you've got a
good head start if they laugh or scoff
you may have to reconsider moving
forward
[Music]
next timing is everything
no one wants to be asked out right after
hearing bad news take notice of their
emotions and ensure they aren't going
through a tough time
consider other situational details as
well like if they are moving soon or
just got out of a long-term relationship
those are definitely not the right times
to share your feelings if they're in a
good mood and you're feeling confident
pick your place carefully no one can be
honest in a crowded setting or when they
feel like they are being watched make
sure they are completely comfortable so
that you can get a genuine response just
politely asking them to step out with
you and a social event can be enough if
you feel like all these factors are in
your favor then it's time to get
planning start by figuring out how you
can spend more time with your love
interest if you only see them at big
events with other people they will never
get the hint try inviting them to spend
more time with you alone but keep in
mind that you're not dating just yet
invitations to dinner or a movie may be
jumping the gun find out if they have
any hobbies like cooking exercising or
traveling these are all things friends
can do together and they provide the
perfect chance for you to get to know
each other on a deeper level if you want
them to see you as more than a friend
you have to start doing things to show
that
start small lengthy relationships don't
turn into passionate romances overnight
people need time to cozy up to new ideas
and feelings you don't want to rush
something and ruin it avoid intimate
things like kisses until the time is
right
start with small flirty genuine hints
and work your way up dropping
compliments about their appearance and
personality is a good way to show
yourself as more than just a friend
hugs are a safe way to be affectionate
without implying anything
take note of how well they embrace you
and if they let you in close if they
tend to shut down when you show
affection it may be that they're not
interested in you in that way show that
your partner material good partners
don't cancel plans or show up late if
you want to come across as more than
just a regular friend display the key
qualities found in great partners keep
up with what's going on in their lives
make a mental note of events they go to
and then ask them how it was there's
nothing wrong with a simple text asking
how their day at work was or what they
got up to over the weekend show that you
care about what they're doing and you'll
end up learning a lot about them nothing
reveals true feelings faster than
jealousy you may have been in the friend
zone
while they were dating someone else and
felt this feeling yourself but don't
forget that there are more people in the
world than just your crush try spreading
your wings and pursuing someone else for
a while
this will help determine if your
feelings are genuine and it will also
show the other person that you are
desirable as well don't pretend to like
someone else just to make them jealous
as they will see right through it
if you are honest and say that you've
got feelings for someone else it may be
the push your crush needs to see you as
something more be courteous
your crush will not appreciate being
hounded or shattered if you try behaving
like a partner before you're actually
dating they will resent you this is also
true if you are constantly around them
and never leave them alone it may seem
like you're smothering them avoid
showing signs of mistrust and jealousy
when they are around other people
because they'll find it rude make sure
you treat them as you would any other
friend no one wants to feel like they're
being criticized by one of their friends
you want them to feel comfortable
whenever you're around once you feel
comfortable around your potential
partner try breaking the touch barrier
people only like to be touched by the
people closest to them and their
reactions to your touch can speak a
thousand words try grabbing their arm
when they say something funny
or put your hand on their back when
opening the door for them if you feel
confident enough try taking them
slightly to see if they react
affectionately if at any point they move
away from you or push back it's an
indication that they don't feel
comfortable with your touch and a
romantic relationship is off the table
accept the results no matter what if you
have tried the previous steps and met
nothing but resistance it's time to give
up love is a powerful feeling that can
make us do incredible things but it can
sometimes blind people from the facts if
you feel like your crush is beginning to
distance themselves from you it's best
not to pursue them accept the loss you
don't want to alienate your friend and
make them resent you if you see a clear
sign that your affection is not wanted
you need to stand down by chasing
something that is already lost you may
lose even more finally you want to be
honest and clear about your feelings
strong relationships aren't built on
games people don't like being played or
sent on a wild-goose chase the last
thing you want to do is hide your true
intentions or deny your feelings when
asked a genuine person is always honest
about how they feel and they don't shy
away from potential conflict continually
following all the previous steps but
never actually taking that leap of faith
will get you nowhere it may be the
hardest step with the most risks but
your friend will respect you for taking
it tell us your stories about the
friendzone in the comments below what
worked and didn't work for you share
your experiences with us if you would
like to see more videos from Brightside
hit the subscribe button and check out
our channel thanks for watching and stay
on the bright side